hello and welcome how to check and add
coolant fluid before escape and first
what what I do when I do this checking
and I opened this car's bonnet and I
check that where is this coolant present
arc and it's just in here I will solve
it and it's it's in here and in here
I need to add this tag to it because now
when we walk this coolant put those
meaning and lock settings what are in
here it solves that this level in here
is Max and min level is in here little
bit up and now our coolant is in in this
mean level and I think that we need to
add a little bit cool coolant food in
there and what we do not next first that
is to open this hat and Paris idea that
that you can open this cut only when
this motor is is not not hook
when motor is should shut down and it's
cold and it's not not hot then you can
open this gap and we look this capital
bit carefully more okay and here was
this cap and we can there is actually
comment how simple that that you can
result that I can open this only when
this is not hot they are simple do not
open it there is this okay when we can
open and in here we can also see very
clearly this Max and min comments and we
can see that this fluid is in now in
this min Lynette and next we need this
coolant fluid and and we continue in
that
okay I'm okay next we need that kind of
special coolant fluid where is this text
coolant antifreeze concentrate and his
online products is good and terrorist
acts that this even last five years and
when we add this coolant fluid in there
this normal mixture is that 50 percent
of that and with the present normal
water what I am I have in here and it's
it's easy to add like like 1 1 DC this
coolant fluid and then van de ce deserve
this water in this tank okay and next I
open this cap and terrorists I need to
rotate that cap in many terms and when
it finally opens there is this cap hat
and it opens we can add in this hole
what is there I put I insert there like
a little bit if we present that coolant
first this this scale that I tell is odd
hot in here and I add 24 to 20 I add
this this distance and then I add same
amount in water is that in here and this
position is to put the typical
that into our coolant and now I I have a
date this to empty and then I had same
amount this water and this is this is
now this 50% mix to wrap until I check
that where is this my my coolant level
and now it's almost in this marks level
and I will add also 2:22 with p16 I add
more plus this food there and now we are
in 60s a same thing I noticed that now
we are in this max level and and I am
happy that we have added this water food
okay cool
and then I need to close down this Sarah
tank cap isn't here and I I picked in
this
very carefully now it's its end and this
cap is in there picton and checked up
this is okay and and now now I'm happy
that I have been check and add coolant
to for escape and thank you for watching
and we continue in next video